CSE 2105 – Data Structures
PROJECT
Write a program that performs the corresponding operations through the below menu,
according to the selected option.
0. Exit
1. Add student
2. Delete student
3. Find student
4. List all students
5. List distinct names
6. List name counts
7. About
Enter your selection :
You should ask the selection until the user enters his selection correctly (between 0-7). When
the user enters an option between 1-7, corresponding operation in the menu should be
performed and the menu should be printed again after the operation ends. If the user enters 0,
you should ask whether he really wants to exit the program. If he is sure, exit the program;
otherwise, display the menu again. If the user enters an invalid option (not between 0-7), you
should print a warning message and display the menu again.
Each student has the following fields :
-> Student id
-> Name
-> Surname
To store students, you have to implement your own “singly linked list” and “binary search
tree”. (Instead of using Java Data Structures Libraries you should develop your own data
structures.).
Clarifications
1. This option adds the student both to the list and tree. You should get from the user
student id, name and surname before adding student. New student should be added to
the end of the list and appropriate position of the tree according to its student id(i.e
student id is the key for the tree).
2. First get the student id from the user and (if found) delete this student from list and
tree. 
3. First get the student id from the user and (if found) and print this student’s fields to the
screen. Also print the number of search levels (how many hops) that you found the
student from the list and tree.
4. If the user selects option 4, first ask him from which data structure he/she want to
operate. If he/she selacts list, print all the student’s information from the list begin to
end. If he/she selects tree, then print all the student’s information in “preorder”,
“postorder” and “inorder”.
5. Print to the screen all the distinct “names” alphabetical (use only names, not
surnames) from your data structures. (i.e. not list duplicate names to the screen.).
6. Show that how many of each “name” included in the data structures. (use only names,
not surnames). List the names alphabetical order. For example you can print like
following format :
emre : 2
ilker : 3
zeynep : 1
7. Print the author(s) of the program(your number and name)
